Your BenefitsEnsure continued Development of TYPO3With your membership you foster the ongoing development, ensure active security management and enable people to establish new projects and technologies surrounding TYPO3.Get in touch with other people at events
and sprintsGlobal TYPO3-related events give you the opportunity to gain a broader understanding  of the capabilities and the latest developments in TYPO3 family, as well as make new connections within the community. At TYPO3 sprints you can contribute and share your knowledge to support the development of TYPO3 or  surrounding topics like marketing or education.Free Tickets for official TYPO3 EventsAs a Gold or Platinum Member you can get free tickets for official TYPO3 events such as the annually T3CON, T3 Developer Days or the Alumni #CertiFUNcation Day.Membership and Logo ListingAll  types of TYPO3 Association members get listed on typo3.org. With a Platinum membership you even get  a prominent visible banner on typo3.org including a backlink to your website.Help paving the way for the future of TYPO3As a result of a vote at the 2015 General Assembly the Board has agreed to push forward with the task of restructuring the Association under the „TYPO3 Company“ model.As a TYPO3 member you can vote on such important topics and elect members of the Expert Advisory Board or Business Control Committee.


////

You want to join the TYPO3 Association?Do you have any Questions? May we help you?

It‘s easy! Just go to 
http://typo3.org/association

TYPO3 AssociationSihlbruggstrasse 1056340 BaarSwitzerlandPhone:	+41 (0)41 511 00 35 Fax:	+41 (0)41 511 00 39E-Mail:	info@typo3.orgWeb:	http://typo3.org/association

////

TYPO3 AssociationEnabling People to Share

////

T3A - Keeping Code and Spirit AliveThe TYPO3 Association is a not-for-profit organisation which was founded in 2004 to provide funds for the ongoing long-term development of TYPO3.Starting from the basic idea additional goals have beenadded:Organization of events for the purpose of providing information and education for its membersSupporting the adaption of international software standards within TYPO3Education and certification to ensure quality of serviceCommunication with its members and the general public, to spread further knowledge and proficiency regarding the usage of TYPO3 software, especially by virtue of its project website

„With the public elections of the TYPO3 Association, every member can be engaged in decision making.“


////

Getting People TogetherThe Agency Meetup Days held by the Association
 – a brief summary96 agencies – representing a total annual revenue of € 200 M, which is approx. 50 percent of the financial TYPO3 ecosystem 201410 cities all over Europe were visitedDirect communication with TYPO3 Association members about their needs, concerns and wishes regarding the development of TYPO3 and the future strategy of the TYPO3 AssociationRepresenting the CommunityThe Association represents the TYPO3 Communityin the following organisations:OSI (Open Source Initiative)OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)ECO (Association of the German Internet Industry)Association Committees, Working Groups & Task ForcesThe TYPO3 Association is appointing committees for specific activities. Furthermore it initiates working groups and task forces to work cross-discipline andon target.Currently these committees and task forces are actively reporting to the Board of the TYPO3 Association:Communication CommitteeEducation CommitteeEvents CommitteeQuality Control Committee////

Membership LevelsAnnual FeesMore information on http://typo3.org/association

„It‘s not the platinum sign on typo3.org which helps us much, it‘s the fact that we are very close to the project.“